C++: add predicate to distinguish designator-based initializations (#19329)
github/codeql: cpp/ql/lib/change-notes/2025-04-15-field-array-designator.md

---
category: feature
---

> * Introduced `isDesignatorInit()` predicates to distinguish between designator-based and positional initializations for both struct/union fields and array elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Introduced `isDesignatedInitializer()` predicates to distinguish between designated and positional initializations for both struct/union fields and array elements.
```
